How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It helped by differentiating the 2 files so that i can easily pin point the bug.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It helps us to keep track of what extra have we learned so far and how are 
    we advancing with each version. It also helps us by making the finding of a
    bug or bugs easier and resolve them.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The advantage of creating a commit manually is that instead of creating
    a complex machine to do that for you we can leave this decision to the user
    as he will better know when the when the commits are logically different from
    one another.
    The disadvantage of this can be the human error element. A user may choose to
    commit almost each and every change thus having plenty of illogical and redundant
    commits.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    So that we can logically make commits instead of commiting everytime there is
    a little change.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log can be used to see the number of commits in the current checked out branch.
    git diff is used to differentiate between two commits in a branch.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Version Control helps us by keeping track of all the changes since we started the project.
    Hence its easier to track bugs and errors in the project and thus leading to a more 
    efficient and correct project.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to use git or version control mainly for Android Developement.